while a new legal blow could soon force
the Washington Redskins to take on a new
team name the US Patent and Trademark
Office stripping the team of their
trademark registration it's up for
appeal now so what does the former
Washington Redskin great thank showing
us right now former quarterback of the
squad Joe Theismann a good friend of the
show Joe we're talking about the
Redskins in the offseason not the team
but the logo is it time for Daniel
Snyder to give in and just become the
Washington Reds well before I answer
that question I just want to apologize
for not wearing purple this morning I
just I really feel left out from the
group here well because everybody looks
so great in purple but i it's going to
be Daniel Snyder's decision Brian you
know he's the owner of the football team
he's going to make a decision I know
when I played for the Washington
Redskins I did everything I could to
represent the fans the city the
organization and the Native American
nations of this country with a great
amount of pride I wore that uniform that
way what ultimately gets decided it's
hard to say and there is a difference to
when the US Patent Office takes away the
registration there's a difference
between ownership of the trademark and
registration of the trademark so that's
going to be something that's going to be
too tied up in courts for a long long
time and I've had some incredible
experiences representing the Washington
Redskins and we're in that uniform and
practically speaking though it this
ruling if it follows without appeal I'm
going through it cuts down the legal
options in terms of merchandising you
know your Jersey helmet any sort of
t-shirt with the logo would be in fact
in deemed insulting not able to be sold
well no actually I believe that if their
trademark is removed in that regard that
maybe other people could just use it
they know there's trademark infringement
that go into and I don't understand the
legalities of it completely but I don't
know if this accomplishes what they want
to as far as the Redskin name goes but
from my perspective you know having worn
that uniform in and talked to a number
of Native Americans I just I did the New
Mexico bowl earlier this year and talked
to at least 15 or 20 people a Native
Americans that came up said please don't
change the next Ackley when I what I won
that when i won the Super Bowl when I
was a part of the Washington Redskins I
was given a Chiefs headdress and and the
names been around for 80 years that's
another element that that you have to
take into consideration so for me I will
I am a Redskin I always will be a
Washington Redskin that's the way I look
at jack kent cooke says he had the name
of the team the former owner of the
Washington Redskins he thought I meant
bravery and valor and and platon being
stalwart in your beliefs doesn't that
play a role in this well I think it does
all of us that put that uniform on put
it on with great pride and and really
when you think about it when you hear
when I hear the name and when I spoke to
a lot of different people regarding this
subject when you hear the name Redskin
the one thing you think of is the
football team that's that's it that's as
far as it goes and as far as players go
there's no conversation about it I was
with a group of guys that I played with
for many years over a period of time if
the conversation doesn't come up exactly
Braves Indian Seminoles all these names
gonna be up for debate next thing you
know when I went to be just recalled
will just be named a color just the team
what about the New York Giants could be
insulting to tall people should we
change that I'm not going where the
Giants go Brian Brian my a mitogen I
then I've had my relationship with the
Giants I guess you could say it's been
broken Redskins how's that joke Iseman
thanks for being with us this morning
you're welcome great to see you guys
right we were gonna but we're not gonna
book LT and Joe Theismann together